docs(watchdog): add useful info about the watchdog timeout (#6076)
eclipse/kura: docs/core-services/watchdog-service.md

- **enabled** - sets whether or not this service is enabled or disabled. (Required field)

> - **pingInterval** - defines the maximum time interval (in milliseconds) between two watchdogs' refresh to prevent the system from rebooting. (Required field). The interval should be set to a value inferior to the system's **watchdog timeout**, otherwise the watchdog will never be refreshed on time and the system will be rebooted. On most systems, the watchdog timeout can be inspected with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **pingInterval** - defines the maximum time interval (in milliseconds) allowed between two watchdog refreshes to prevent the system from rebooting. (This is a required field.) The interval must be set to a value less than the system's **watchdog timeout**; otherwise, the watchdog will not be refreshed in time, resulting in a system reboot. On most systems, you can check the watchdog timeout using the following command:
```

Possible rewrite.
